MAGECLOUD-4738: Document All Backward-incompatible Changes in ECE-Tools 2002.1.0 (#6378)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/release-notes/mcp-release-notes.md

-  {:.fix}<!--MAGECLOUD-4422-->**Backward Compatibility of new Mail Interfaces**-Fixes a backward incompatibility issue caused by the `Magento\Framework\Mail\EmailMessageInterface` PHP interface introduced in {{ site.data.var.ee }} v2.3.3. In the scope of this patch, the new `EmailMessageInterface` inherits from the old `MessageInterface`, and {{ site.data.var.ee }} core modules are reverted to depend on `MessageInterface`.

-  {:.fix}<!--MAGECLOUD-4448-->**Catalog pagination does not work on Elasticsearch 6.x**–Fixes a critical issue with search result pagination that affects customers using Elasticsearch 6.x as the catalog search engine.

## v1.0.1

All Magento Open Source 2.x patches form [Magento Technical resources](https://magento.com/tech-resources/download) were included in this release. If any of them were copied to your project before, they should be removed to avoid possible conflicts.

This release includes the following patches and critical fixes:

> -  {:.fix}<!--MAGECLOUD-4606-->**Review Hotfixes List and Add All Missing for 2.1.4+**–Updated the magento-cloud-patches package to include all Magento Open Source 2.x patches available on the [Magento Download page](https://magento.com/tech-resources/download).

Author: if you are talking about the name **Review Hotfixes List and Add All Missing for 2.1.4** - yes. Hotfixes from support were added to our cloud patches.

> -  {:.fix}<!--MAGECLOUD-4847-->**Issues caused by MC-21696 hot fix from ece-tools patches**–Patch from MC-21696 was replaced with more accurate fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  {:.fix}<!--MAGECLOUD-4847-->**Fixed issues caused by the MC-21696 hot fix from `ece-tools` patches**–Replaced the patch for MC-21696 with a more accurate fix.
```

> -  {:.fix}<!--MAGECLOUD-4884-->**Update PageBuilder Patches for RCE**–Update PageBuilder Patches which were bundled for 2.3.1 and 2.3.2 in MAGECLOUD-4649 before + add few more patches..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  {:.fix}<!--MAGECLOUD-4884-->**Updated the Magento Page Builder patches **–Updated the Page Builder patches which were bundled in the {{ site.data.var.mcp }} v1.0.0 package for Magento versions 2.3.1 and 2.3.2 to add additional security patches to prevent remote code execution (RCE) and data leaks.
```
